Move plone.app.caching documentation to deployment/caching (#1449)
plone/documentation: docs/deployment/caching/proxies.md

If hosted by yourself, a popular option is {term}`Varnish`.
On the other hand there are commercial hosted CDN services like Cloudflare, CloudFront, Fastly and more.

It is important to realise that whilst `plone.app.caching` provides some functionality for controlling how Plone interacts with a caching proxy.
The proxy itself must be configured separately.

Some operations in `plone.app.caching` can set response headers that instruct the caching proxy how best to cache content.
For example, it is normally a good idea to cache static resources (such as images and stylesheets) and "downloadables"  in the proxy.
This are i.e. Plone content of the types `File` or `Image`.
This content will then be served to most users straight from the proxy, which is much faster than Zope.

The downside of this approach is that an old version of a content item may returned to a user, because the cache has not been updated since the item was modified.

## Strategies

There are four general strategies for dealing with this:

### Change the URL

Since resources are cached in the proxy based on their URL, you can "invalidate" the cached copy by changing an item's URL when it is updated.

> This is the approach taken by Plone's resource management: In production mode, the links that are inserted into Plone's content pages for resource managed by Plone  contain a hash-based token, which changes when the main bundle file changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the approach taken by Plone's resource management: Links that are inserted into Plone's content pages for resources managed by Plone  contain a hash-based token, which changes when the main bundle file changes.
```

This approach has the benefit of also being able to "invalidate" content stored in a user's browser cache.

### All caching proxies support setting timeouts.

This means that content may be stale, but typically only up to a few minutes.

This is sometimes an acceptable policy for high-volume sites where most users do not log in.

### Most caching proxies support receiving PURGE requests for paths that should be purged.

Given the proxy has cached a resource at `/logo.jpg`, and that object is modified.

> Then a PURGE request could be sent to the proxy (originating from Zope, not the client) with the same path to force the proxy to fetch a new version the next time the item is requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then a PURGE request could be sent to the proxy (originating from the backend, not the browser) with the same path to force the proxy to fetch a new version the next time the item is requested.
```

### Avoid caching

The final option, of course is to avoid caching content in the proxy altogether.

The default policies will not allow standard listing pages to be cached in the proxy, because it is too difficult to invalidate cached instances.

For example, if you change a content item's title, that may require invalidation of a number of pages where that title appears in the navigation tree, folder listings, `Collections`, portlets, and so on.

Tracking all these dependencies and purging in an efficient manner is impossible unless the caching proxy configuration is highly customised for the site.

Nevertheless a "terse" policy allows caching for just a few seconds of all pages to reduce the load on the backend on high traffic situations.

## Purging a caching proxy

> Synchronous and asynchronous purging is enabled via [plone.cachepurging](https://pypi.org/project/plone.cachepurging).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synchronous and asynchronous purging is enabled via [plone.cachepurging](https://pypi.org/project/plone.cachepurging), which is installed as a dependency of `plone.app.caching`.
```
